Salesforce 

History
1999- 4 employees one bedroom apartment
2009- billion revenue
2011 - 100,00 Customers, Forbes World's most innovative company
2013 - Acquired ExactTarget
2015 - Lightning and Trailhead
2018 - 8.39 Billion Revenue, 150,000 Customers
Dreamforce 4 days, 171,000 attendees, 3200 sessions

Advantages: Security, power outages, no initial cost, cheaper and easier to set up than building your own hardware.

Software as a Service - rent Software

Platform as a Service - rent platform... no prebuild software

Instead of building your own hardware, you can subscribe to provide functionality as hardware.

multiTenant architecture-
multiple client are using the same services and make sure each tenant have their own space and limits

    ui
    \|/                         ORG
_____|____________________________________________
|                                                |
|    Services                                    |

rent services

ORG

sales cloud- subscribe and contact and track opportunities like customer is interested with product X and maybe product Y in the future

service cloud - same database as sales clouds. Different view to service the customer like issue with product x, how am i doing as a customer

Marketing cloud - Give suggested ads to products, also  tells what ads customers are looking at.

Platform cloud - Setting up apps, managing ads.

Career Paths:

Administrator - 

Developer - not good at administrator but good at coding. Very knowledgeable of programming languages

Architect - Not expected to be on call but must know 

Goal: Consultant- part administrator and part developer. Good communication skills, Presentation Skills. talk alot... oh no

languages-
    SOQL
    APEX

Certifications

resources- 
Training site google
documentation- developer.salesforce.com -resouces-documentation
Trailhead - trailhead.salesforce.com


        Objects(sql table),Fields(sql columns), Records(sql row)-M - Data/database

                       V-ui

        C-Business Logic

M: Object Manager->create custom Object
                          custom Fields

V: Create tabs
   create flow.... flow designer app
   Create apps
   create reports
   List View- Filter

C: Validation rules- if cond is true when entering data, error and prevent adding value
   Workflow rules- similar to validation rules but will not prevent adding value. Instead, it will do action like giving email alert, creating task, updating field
   Approval Process- if cond is true, ask a person for approval. If the person does not approve, do an action
   process builder- 

VisualForce- salesforce classic UI language

APEX -
    Triggers-
    Batch-
    Controllers-

API-
    SOAP API-
    REST API(Newer)- 

users -

Account - company

Contact - employee actively working with you from account company

->: consist of
apps->tabs->home page->list views->criteria/filter
                                 ->Display
                                 ->who can see

Developer Console - SOQL debugging
SCHEMA BUILDER - visual representation for objects. can create new tables(objects)
owner id: all records have an identifying three digits in the id that specifies type(account, contact, etc)

To do: new app trainingmanagement
    contacts, accounts, trainings

LookUP - can be empty... loose reference
Master-Detal- cannot be empty

15 digit to 18 digit
18 last 3 digits contain information of Case of the 15 digits(checksums).

lookup - one to many(foreign key?) relationship.... 25 per object.
       - the one doesn't need to exist
Master Detail - one to many. killing the one kills the many.
              - max 3 level child relationships
              - max 2 masters.
              - need the one(primary master). the many will inherit all security details from the one

Parent, child
master, detail

if more than one master, first master is primary master

Hierachy-lookup itself.
Development console reads id for lookup field

many to many- junction object

security level access
ORG
OBJ
Record
Field

Roll up summary

external ID: id referencing to external database
ex scenario: Suppose external system database in RevPro Candidate with field id,name,projects completed
    To use it as external ID, add a text field and specify external ID. 
    duplication check(unique), index it(create a separate table that is sorted by external ID, external id vs id)

converting field type: use field as another type

field level- tied to the database
layout -  UI component that you develop and show to users
->page layout edit assignment.

research conversion of salesforce types.

field dependence- controlling field affects dependent field. usually picklist and check boxes

lookup filter- apply additional filter to a lookup. like if they are of the same department

History- just say what it was changed

Assignment - Think of a business. Model it with objects. build an app for it.

lookup filter- lookup -> filter

field tracking list-> history of sensitive field changes
    on object check field tracking view.
    the add object history to related list in the layout.

Record type: multiple page layout to the same profile
    field(usually a picklist value)

account lead source

Classic(VisualForce) and Lightning

if made in classic, lightning shortcuts to the layout
have to manually do it when going from lightning to classic

lightning app builder - can add component to record page.
                        three column - add components

            record page- shows the objects
            tab - add a view that contains tabs, can add any number to it.
                  tab won't materialize if tab body is empty.
            related list(single) - show a related list
            related lists- show all related list
            highlight- include create, new, and save buttons.
            compact layouts- shorter version of layout. show the important fields.
                classic- popup that appear when hovering over a lookup/master detail value.
                lightning- classic + can be added as a component

Activation -
    org default - apply for whole org
    apps default- apply this for just the app
    app record type profile- a combination of any of them.

classic - org

app-
    standard navigation
    console navigation - workspace tabs or subtabs
    utility bar - can be hidden its what appears on the left

-------------------------------
Company information(ORG Settings)
    Trusted IP Range- no extra authentication


user-
    Role: CEO,CFO, etc. tell which one is above. Usually for restricting data
    license- what determines what user can does
        one license type for each user. no multiple licenses.
        salesforce - sales cloud or service cloud
        salesforce platform- account, contacts, 10 different objects
    Profiles-user group
        object security
        field security
        Login iP range - can only log in here
        log in hours
        sharing settings->Control level access (OWD)
                            private- owner can only see it
                            public read only- nonowner can see it but not edit it
                            public read and write
                            allow access using hierachy <-***this is how role can be part of record level access
                    record sharing rules- used to open more access to records
                            share records to owner based on criteria
                            automated sharing
                                owner based- if public group/role/role and subordinate is blah, then share with some other public group/role/role(read only or read and write)
                                criteria based- if user field =/not = A, share user with public group/role/role(read access, read/write access).
                            Manual sharing- nonstandard. hit the sharing button if you are the owner. if ownership is transfered, all previous manual sharings are ignored


    
access levels
    Org Level Access- user: active users, ORG: Trusted Ip range, Profile: log in ip range, log in Hour
    Object Level Access- Object security on profile
    (Will skip if object is view all modify all)Record Level Access- OWD(most restrictive, ), Sharing Rules, Manual Sharing, APEX sharing.
    Field level Access - Record Types, Layout Assignment, Field Security on Profile

    (Object/field level access)Permission sets- like subprofile, give additional permission untop what profile give. user specific

    exercise whats on profile but not on permission set





        tabs- tabs hidden,
              default on,
              default off-won't appear at top, but it will appear at all tabs


field/UI security

    get layout and record type
    check which fields are permited
    remove the fields that don'tab

    get compact layout
    check and remove fileds
    



WORKFLOW RULES(activated and deactivated)
    (Evaluation Criteria)ENTRY CRITERIA- CREATED | CREATED OR EDITED(No Time Trigger) | CREATED OR EDITED AND MEET CRITERIA(Do not use priorValue or isChanged)
    RULE CRITERIA - NAME = "Arun"
    ACTIONS CRITERIA - CREATE EMAIL | CREATE TASK| UPDATE FIELD | OUTBOUND MESSAGE | EXISTING ACTION
    (Send Actions)

ignore field security.

Time trigger- trigger at a later date/time. if no time, assume 12AM.
    Time-based workflow queue - where all pending future actions are stored.
    Due date to run action can be determined by fields(Like End date)
        Smart enough to change due date in queue if affecting field changes.
            If field changes due date to the past, 15min or it will run task?
        If record corresponding to the rule no longer meets the criteria, salesforce will delete queue.

contact - those working with us(evaluated).
leads - those who might potentially work with us in the future(not evaluated).
    tasks...
    related to field

activities - tasks(one time) and events(start time and end time)

FIELD UPDATE - update relationship on its field or any field on master detail parent.

outbound message-send outbound message(consisting of fields) to an external system.
    POST XML
    url instance to talk back to salesforce
    uses SOAP to send object with fields that are not blank.
    Gives all fields of object and:
        ID(Instance of workflow execution)
        ORG ID
        ACTION ID
        SESSION ID(authenticated id to say who is the person, where he is login from, trusted to login)
        Endpoints to talk back to salesforce
            Partner URL(access with things that came out of the box(standard))
            Enterprise url(Standard + Custom)
            Why? interoperativity(work with all salesforce orgs)
    The server must say it received it or will send again
    Stay in queue until 24 hours if not send successfully
    Interval increases exponentially up to 2 hours per retries.


Row -> active workflow? -> Choose Active WF -> Check Evaluation Criteria -> Check Rule Criteria -> execute actions
                                    A                   |                        |                      |
                                    |                   V                        V                      V
                                    |<----------<---------------------------<--------------------<-------
Formula Editor/Builder
Criteria Builder

Tasks - one time thing that just happens at a point in time. Closed or open (past,present,future).
Event - Happens through a stretch of time.

Assign to: user, owner, creator, roles(If one person, it assigns to him. If not, change to owner)
Related To(Related to objects in salesforce): Any object with track activities enabled
Name(related to person): Contacts or leads
Status - Can Specify ISCLOSED with check box. If closed, Activity history, else, OPEN Activities

Home page - components

Queues - Treat a collection of users as one user.Ex: set record owner to queue(all user in queue are owners).

Approval Processes- Look at a state of a record and approve it or reject it.
    Steps:
        Active Approval Process
        Who can submit(can use queue)
        Entry Criteria
        (optional)Initial Submittion actions(like workflow actions)
        *Who approves(given a link to approval layout)
            choose what fields to display and/or approval
        *extra criteria
        *(If approved)Approval Actions
            (optional)pick any Next Approval step...
                Criteria
                    (Yes) do approval step
        *(If rejected)Reject Actions
            (optional) pick any previous approval steps or do final rejection action.
        end of everything
            Final approval action- if pass all approval steps
            Final rejection action- if reject at some point in the approval steps

*- an approval step
ignore field security

If nothing happened when approval process was made:
    active?
    submit for approval button not available
    user is not in list of acceptable submitters
    entry criteria is not met.

Extra in who approve:
    can use login user selflookup fields(like manager) or owners' selflookup Fields
        can be custom
    Queue- need only to be approved by one. Queue can have a queue email to respond as well.


Vs Workflow rules:
    Each approval proccess is checked in order of process order number
    Org will only use the first available approval process that fit. Org will use all workflow rules that fit.
    After activation, admin can no longer add approval steps(even if deactivated). anything can be modified in workflow rule when deactivated. 
similar to Workflow rules:
    ignore field security for field update.

Process builder - enhanced version of workflow rule
    setting to every record is created and edited or set the stop to next criteria causes the schedule action not to appear
    in advanced, set to consequently meet criteria. it enables schedule actions
    can create a processes within an action
    set field reference: object and parents.
    create field: configure all required fields to not get errors
    update record: will activate other workflow rules and active process builder
    issues: no outbound message(can be done with apex though)
            nonbulkified
            validation(might already be corrected)

builder vs Workflow
    workflow rules are older and have less bugs. WFR are like singleton if statements.
    process builder is newer and prone to bugs. Process Builders are if statements with else if and else. There are more actions.
    update record: WF-> object and master-detail parent fields.
                   PB-> object, parent(lookup or master detail), and children(child relationship name).

Chatter - social media component
  home and Chatter
  follow
  create chatter groups- share whole timeline with each other
    settings- public- anyone can see, private- only members can see
  post to record: appears on the record
  merge fields- can cover with [] in template if using tags or @.
  @ - mainly refering to
  # - tags




Flows
    autolaunched flows can be run in process.
    sObject - private - only in this flow
              input only - can be used as input(assignment)
              output only - display only
              input and output - fully public
              fastCreate: add multiple SObjects to it.
              Create: add a record. can retrieve that records' ID.
    building block: element, connector, and resources


Flows vs WF and PB
  -flows can delete records

Reports
    -> Help Answer Business Question.
    -> Computed on demand.
    -> up to 50 rows will be shown in the preview. Must run report to get all.
    -> (what to show) date field + range. All time will show blank dates.

Report Type: Tells the following:
    -> Primary Objects
    -> Related Objects
    -> Fields

Filters

Columns/Fields -> Functions
               -> Bucket Field

Type -> Tabular
     -> Summary -> Group by Rows(same values for a field and integrating together like sql).
     -> Matrix -> Group by rows and columns(count/aggregate record with field value A(row) and field value B(column))
     -> Join -> can add multiple reports to a report if share a field. Row(Field), column(Reports).

export report- CSV file(competition fear)

Report Folder
    share   Viewer(Read)
            Editor(Read Write)
            Manager(Read/Write/Share)

No all contacts... all accounts count nonOrphaned contacts.

Group & details(Summary):
    details-record
    Group- what is grouped by.
    Grouped field 1|
        Grouped field 2|
            Grouped field 3|....
    ungroup by dragging field back to column header.

Export detail - csv or xls
Schedule run- run at a future time and email to people.
    monthly- if set to 31th day of a month and it doesn't exist, don't do it.
             if set to last day, do it on the last day.
Subscribed - notify me when a  condition is met or first occurence.
    Condition
    schedule
    actions
    active

Enable Chatter -> Feed Tracking -> post all changes done by user.

Matrix - up to two row grouping and column grouping.
        add multiple record types
        can use the same record type

Bucket field - turn result to group of buckets
Formula - Compute on report only. goes with aggregated values.

Conditional Highlighting - choose aggregated field
        low -> mid -> high
        set color profile for low mid high.

DashBoard - Collection of visual representation of data reports.
    Description -> column title -> Chart title/footer
    There is a column title for each chart. If no
    limit: 3 or less column
    narrow medium wide.
    Must hit refresh to rerun(can have stale data)
    can't save dashboard with incomplete components
    need profile permission(enable report, object,level)

    Filter- like a list view... select a filter in the list and it will remake all charts with that filter.
    
Dynamic Dashboard- Different for different users.

Donut Chart vs Pie Chart
    donut can have total in the center.

BPA- business process automation

ORG SETUP -          2%
User -               7%
Security-           14%
DataModel-          15%
Sales Cloud-        15%
Service Cloud-      12%
Activity Management- 3%
Data Management-     8%
Analytics-          10%
BPA-                12%
Desktop/Mobile Apps- 1%
AppExchange-         1%

Person Accounts(fusion of Account and Contacts)- can only be enabled if you specifically contact salesforce to enable it.

Validation rule trumps all.

Data Management-
    Import Wizard- used by end users. only import, few objects supported, Duplicate Check, work with 50,000 max
        standard - accounts and contacts,leads,solutions,campaign members, Person Accounts
        Custom - any
        (Import only)Allow option for Trigger Workflow rules and processes for new and updated record
        assign contacts to campaign
        map fields to csv headers
        upsert- create whenever needed and update if match.
        can use external id for matching.
    Data Loader- for admins.
        batch size x- send x records to salesforce at a time.
        serial mode- 200, process them, and then 200 more....
        (use bulk api)bulk mode- 2,000 at a time asynchronise
        insert null values- determine if it should clear out the value when updating if the import has an empty field.
        Contains support for alot of objects.
        export all- include all records and the recycling bin. From salesforce database to external csv.
        export- ignore records in the recycling bin
            select file, specify soql that will be exported
        import - csv to salesforce. create csv file containing row number, field data, and status(indicate updated inserted or error)
        upsert - update if identifier is defined, create if not.
        no rollback functionality.
        can be scheduled.
        5 million records max
    External Tools- third party 
    Mass Transfer/Delete- Transfer -> transfer record from owner(optional) to other owner(required)
        Delete-> soft or hard delete.
    Duplicate Checks- do something if duplicates criteria happens on an object
        if duplicated, can alert,warn, and/or block user from doing the action
        matching Criteria- Specify criteria when checking for duplicated
            criteria builder
            fuzzy - similar to the other name. Not available in validation rule.
            must activate
    Considerations-
    Export- data loader(records from an object) data export(export all records of objects)
        data export- in salesforce setup.

Sales Cloud
    Overview
        Lead come from Website, Email Campaign. Seminars, Conferences, Trade Fares.
        Once verified, convert to account,Contact,Opportunity
            hide lead from salesforce
            transfer activities to contacts
        Campaign can be linked to lead and contact.
    Web To lead(500 a day)- html form element that will create a lead if fill out. support recaptcha.
        lead to a thank you page afterwards.
    Lead Scoring- probability of becoming a contacts. People work on lead with highest scores and work down.
    Auto Response- automatically reponding to leads(thank for joining). only when created.
        Rule Entry- if A, sent email alert.
        OW email addresses
        like approval proccesses, in order and choose the first one.
    Lead Conversion- convert lead to account, contact, and opportunity(verified and ok to work with)
        How to: click Convert button
        Pick account, Opportunity, Contact(If none, create one). Assign task to a user to follow up.
        Can Configure custom field map in leads->fields->map lead fields button.
    Assignment rules- If lead made and criteria met, assign to user and send email alert to mike.
        in order and choose the first one.
        must check assign to active assignment rule when creating or editing lead.
            checking may be painful. to fix this go to page layout and go to layout properties and set it as default.
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Opportunities- tied to accounts and contacts. Allows you to track and manage potential deals.
        Similar Opportunities- find closed/won opportunities that match the attributes of an opportunity they are working on.
        Update Reminders- Let managers send automated emails with a report on the team's open opportinities to their direct reports.
        Big Deal Alerts- automatically send an email notification for opportunities with large amounts.
            if enabled, specify user with view all data permission.
        Competitors- allow you to track competitors on an opportunity.
            option of predefined picklist of competitors
        Opportunity Splits(up to 4)- Share credit from an opportunity with their team members.
            Revenue Splits - total to 100% of the opportunity amount. (A get 50%, B get 50%).
            Overlay Splits - Can total any percentage of the opportunity amount.(A did 50%, B did 75%).

    Products- items and services that you sell to customers
        Contains info of product.
        Standard Price to be added to enable product in the standard pricebook. If enabled, can be added to other price books
        List Price- custom price associated with a product in a custom price book.
        Sales Prices(opportunity or quotes)- actual prices specified for products added to opportunities and quotes.
        Product Schedules- allow you to determine payment and delivery cycles for products that are paid or delivered over time
            Quantity Schedule - When a product is delivered
            Revenue Schedule - when a product is paid for
            Default Schedule- associated with a specific product in a specific price book.(ex rent)
    Pricebook- list of all products and their prices
        Standard Price Book - master list of all products and their default standard prices.
            Cannot be viewed in the price book tab.
        Custom Price Book- Separate list of products with custom prices(list price)
        price book entry- a product with its price as listed in a price book.
            standard price book Entries
            Custom Price book entries- need active standard price book entry.
        

     
    Sales Productivity features-
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Campaign Management- campaign(things that motivate to buy the product like webinar) and how much revenue it produced.
        campaigns- market directly to your leads to turn prospects into deals.
        Campaign Members- Contacts, Leads, and person accounts that are targets for your campaign.
            track each target's status
        Lifecycle of a campaign
            Create Campaign
            Create your target list
            Execute the campaign.(Occurs outside of Salesforce)
            Track Responses
            Analyze campaign effectiveness
        Must have Marketing User permission to create, edit, and delete campaign.
    Campaign Hierarchy
        Associate campaigns with one another using a lookup relationship to group them within a specific marketing program or initiative
        hierarchies contain up to five levels
        campaign have one parent campaign, but an unlimited number of sibling campaigns.
    Customizable(newer) Campaign Influence(has API Access)
        Lets you decide how credit is assigned to each campaign that contributes to bringing in an opportunity.
        Campaign Attribution Models- determine how revenue is attributed to campaigns.
            Primary Campaign source- model attrubes 100% of revenue to the primary campaing source.
            flexible- can be edited with user input.
        Campaign influence records- show which campaigns have influenced an opportunity
    Cloud Scheduler(obsolete)- sending meeting invites like I'm free 1 o'clock to 3.
    
    Teams - Like a Public Group but has a hierarchy of team roles. Account, Opportunity, Case

    help.salesforce.com

    Paths-
        One path for each available record path.
        Steps for each path are based on values in the picklist that you select when you set up the path.
        enable in path -> settings
    Kanban is a view to display a visual summary for a selection of records.
        Isn't available for Tasks and some other objects.

    Recycle bin is only in classic and not lightning.
    html email template in classic and not lightning.

    Service Cloud
    Case Management
        Case- is a customer's question, feedback, or issue
        Case Teams- group of people that work together to solve cases
        Contacts can be added to case teams if they are enabled as customer portal users assigned to case page layouts
        Ways to create cases:
            web-to-case(5k cases a day) and or email-to-case
            Customers can log their own cases from a community, customer portal, or chatter answers
            Manually from the Cases tab, Cases related list, or in the feed on record detail pages
        You can create or update cases only for contacts that are eligible to receive customer support
        Entitlement - a unit of customer support in Salesforce. Typically used to represent terms in warranties
            Can be associated with accounts, assets, contacts, and service contracts.
        Assets - represents the specific products your customers have purchases(barcode).
            serial number, purchase data, other info.
        To see if a contact is eligible for customer service, check their entitlements.
        Case Queues, Assignment Rules,  and Auto-Response Rules are set the same way as leads
        Escalation(scream for attention) Rules- Escalate cases when case meets criteria defined in the rule enty.
            Rule entries define criteria for escalating a case.
            Escalation actions- what to do
                max of 5 actions per rule entry.
        Case Comments- let you and your support agents add,edit,delete public or private comments on a case
            Case comments related list
        You can set up your portal or community to let customers comment on thier cases.
        commetns can be made publicly availabel to a case's contact.
        portal community to let customers comment on their cases

    Question:
    leads created via Web to lead to be handled by the contact center team?
    what is true about autoresponse rules


    Miscellaneous Topics
    Chatter
        Share info, collaborate, stay up to date with feeds, profiles, and groups.
        Adheres to your org's security and permission settings.
        Enabled by default.
        Not supported:
            Internet explorer 6
            For external users in portals.
            in the console tab
    Chatter feeds(Customers don't have access to chatter)
        Show updates about people and records(allow following and click button) that you follow.
        Feed Selection Categories:
            WHat I follow
            To Me
            Bookmarked
            Muted(Classic Only)
            All Company (Classic Only)
            Company Highlights(LE only version of above)
        You can create a task from a post(not system generated).
        Chatter Streams & prospects
            Streams- custom feeds created by combining multiple related feeds.
            100 streams combine up to 25 different feeds and feed types.
            Every Post- Default setting that enables notifications for the stream.
        post
            if you are group owner or manager, you can edit other people's posts on the group feed.
            You cannot delete other people's posts or posts about feed tracked changes.
            You can't prevent people from seeing your posts except customers
            Link records to a post, comment, or wuestion detail.
                up to 25 records linked.
                Link by typing a forward slash / and then the record name
            when you share a post, comments and likes are not shared.
                In classic, files and attachments are shared with the orginial post.
                In Lightning, not shared. just the original post.
        Messages
            You can send private messages to another user, or a few users,
                when the discussion isn't relevant to everyone you work with
            Messages don't appear in any part of Chatter that is publicly visible.
        Questions
            ask questions in thier feed group and in record
            can select a best answer.
            Organize questions with a question title and details about their question.
            Questions can be asked to their followers, to a group, or to a specific person.
            Enable Question action to a Global publisher layout.(the square plus button in lightning)

    External Email Services
        Salesforce for Outlook.
            Old external email tool. Starting in Winter '19
            An Intergration application for Microsoft Outlook to sync contacts, events, and tasks between Outlook and Salesforce
            Customized sync and the sync directions.
        Lightning sync
            Cloud-based integration product for Microsoft and Google applications.
            keep contacts and events
            Compatible with several versions of ME, GC,GCalendar.
            sync set up to users who are assigned to Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and most Lightning Platform licenses.
        Lightning for Outlook
            view edit and add Salesforce records
        Lightning for Gmail
            View
            Create records from action publisher.
            Search for custom object
            edit with inline editing feature
            see chatter feds, activity timeline, and related lists.

    Sales Processes
        Different picklist values based on user profiles
        Processes(defined in record types) are assigned to record types which are then assigned to profiles.
        types: Sales(opportunity stage field), Lead(Lead Status field), Support(case status field), Solution(Solution status field)
    Mobile applications
        SalesforceA
            A for admin
            manage users andd view info for Salesforce orgs from you phone
            Restricted to users with the Manage Users Permission
            Deactivate or freeze users, reset passwords, unlock users, edit user details, and assign permission sets
            not supported offline
            Android + I
        Salesforce App
            view edit create records, activities, dashboard and reports, and Chatter.
            Offline Support? Yes for viewing data.
            Android + I + Windows.
            No apps

    Solution management- classic
        solution- detailed description of a customer issue and the resolution of that issue.
        users with appropriate permission can create, review, and categorize solutions.
        Solutions can be published and made public.
    Knowledge- tool that lets you create and manage knowledge base with your company info(using past result to improve current result).
        unlimited Edition with Service Cloud
        Knowledge base: built from knowledge articles
        Experienced Service agents and internal writers write the articles.
        lightning knowledge
        Knowledge user license
        Article Types(classic)
        Data Categories- classify and find aritcle. also to control access to articles.
    answers - no longer available. Use chatter question...
    ideas(Classic only)- community who post, vote for, and comment on ideas
        ideas community provides an online, transparent way to attract, manage, and showcase innovation.
        Zone - organize ideas and questions into logical groups
        point(promote or demote once)- added by user, max is number of users. Can be used to rank posts
        half-life- the time it takes for the post to go down the rankings depending how long it has been.
        Vs knowledge:
            Knowledge- can be any article made of any info and written by knowledge users.
                       No point system(no upvote nor downvote).
            ideas- written by customers
    community must be enabled.
        share information and collaborate with people outside of the org.
    
    AppExchange

    actions
        Global - cannot populate field with value from current opened page
            publisher layout
        Object-Specific - Tied to object and pull information from record. affect that object
            objects->buttons,link, and actions

dashboard- default -> specific user(the dashboard creator)
            admin can't see data but aggregated data.

